v1.5 Docs Refresh (#1010)
panther-labs/panther: docs/gitbook/README.md

# What is Panther?

Panther is an open source platform designed to bring security visibility at cloud-scale. It's a modern and flexible solution to the challenges of collection, analysis, and retention of critical security data. Panther detects threats, improves cloud security posture, and powers investigations.

![Architecture](.gitbook/assets/panther_graphic_flow.jpg)

**Benefits**

- Analyze TBs of data per day
- Write flexible, Python-based, real-time detections
- Bootstrap your security data lake
- Simply deploy with infrastructure as code
- Secure, least-privilege, and encrypted infrastructure

**Components**

> * [Log Analysis](log-analysis/log-processing/README.md) for parsing, normalizing, and analyzing security data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Log Analysis](https://docs.runpanther.io/v/jacknaglieri-docs-refresh/log-analysis/log-analysis) for parsing, normalizing, and analyzing security data
```

* [Cloud Security](policies/scanning/README.md) for identifying misconfigurations in AWS accounts

> * [Data Analytics](historical-search/README.md) for queries on collected log data, generated alerts, and normalized fields

Reviewer 2: Links for Log Analysis, Cloud Security, and Data Analytics show 404 when accessed through https://docs.runpanther.io/v/jacknaglieri-docs-refresh/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Log Analysis](https://docs.runpanther.io/v/jacknaglieri-docs-refresh/log-analysis/log-analysis) for parsing, normalizing, and analyzing security data
* [Cloud Security](https://docs.runpanther.io/v/jacknaglieri-docs-refresh/cloud-security/cloud-security) for identifying misconfigurations in AWS accounts
* [Data Analytics](https://docs.runpanther.io/v/jacknaglieri-docs-refresh/enterprise/data-analytics) for queries on collected log data, generated alerts, and normalized fields
```

**Use Cases**

|         Use Case         | Description                                                                               |
| :----------------------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|  Continuous Monitoring   | Analyze logs in real-time with Python to identify suspicious activity   |
|       Alert Triage       | Respond to alerts to get the full context         |
|      Searching IOCs      | Quickly search for matches on IOCs against all collected data                    |
| Securing Cloud Resources | Achieve compliance and model security best practices in code |

## Getting Started!

To deploy Panther Community Edition, continue to the [quick start](quick-start.md) guide.

Panther also has an Enterprise Edition with access to the following features:
- Data Explorer: Search your collected data, generated alerts, and threat hunt with SQL
- SaaS Log Collection: Automatically load popular SaaS logs into Panther.

> - Role-based Access Control: Assign roles to your Panther users

Reviewer 3: Should we add links here to the enterprise documentation? E.g.

[Data Explorer](https://docs.runpanther.io/enterprise/data-explorer)
[Role-Based Access Control](https://docs.runpanther.io/enterprise/rbac)

Consider adding bullet points for Automatic Log Compaction and Snowflake Database Integration as well (based on our enterprise docs)

Reviewer 2: We should also update links in the Enterprise section of the docs: https://docs.runpanther.io/v/jacknaglieri-docs-refresh/enterprise/enterprise

These links show 404:
- Data Explorer 
- Data Compaction
- Role-Based Access Control
- deploy process
